[runbot_master]
runbot100.odoo.com ansible_user=root

[runbot_workers]
runbot29.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot31.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot32.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot33.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot34.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot35.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot36.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot37.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot38.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot39.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot40.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot41.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot42.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot43.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot44.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot45.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot47.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot48.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot49.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot50.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot51.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot52.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot53.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot54.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot55.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot56.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot57.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot58.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot59.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot60.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot61.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot62.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot63.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot64.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot65.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot66.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot67.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot68.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot69.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot70.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot71.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot72.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot73.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot74.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot75.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot76.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot77.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot78.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot79.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot80.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot81.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot82.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot83.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot84.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot85.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot86.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot87.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot88.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot89.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot90.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot91.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot92.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot93.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot94.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot95.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot96.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot97.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot98.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot99.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot102.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot103.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot104.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot105.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot106.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot107.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot108.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot109.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot110.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot111.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot112.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot114.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot115.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot116.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot117.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot118.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot119.odoo.com ansible_user=root

[runbot_all:children]
runbot_master
runbot_workers

[runbot_new]
runbot115.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot116.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot117.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot118.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot119.odoo.com ansible_user=root

[runbot_zfs]
runbot74.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot75.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot76.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot77.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot78.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot79.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot80.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot81.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot82.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot83.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot84.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot85.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot86.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot87.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot88.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot89.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot90.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot91.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot92.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot93.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot94.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot95.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot96.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot97.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot98.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot99.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot102.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot104.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot105.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot106.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot107.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot108.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot109.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot110.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot111.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot112.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot114.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot115.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot116.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot117.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot118.odoo.com ansible_user=root
runbot119.odoo.com ansible_user=root

